Specification for xcube Multi-Resolution Datasets (#635)
dcs4cop/xcube: docs/source/mldatasets.md

xcube Multi-Resolution Datasets
===============================

Definition
----------

> A xcube _multi-resolution dataset_ refers to an N-D [image 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A xcube _multi-resolution dataset_ uses an N-D [image 
```

Author: That is not correct.

pyramid](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pyramid_(image_processing)) 
where an _image_ refers to a 2-D dataset with two spatial dimensions
in some horizontal coordinate system.

A multi-resolution dataset comprises a fixed number of

> _levels_, which are regular datasets at different spatial resolutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_levels_, which are regular datasets covering the same spatial area at different resolutions.
```
